The next part that I'm going to talk about is environments.
What I mean by this is that,
when you develop your project,
you would not go ahead and deploy
the develop solution into the production environment directly.
What the production environment means is,
let's say that you go www.udacity.com.
This is a site which is available to the public and the accounts that are created under
a production environment would usually have the real user
accounts and it's a live environment where the actual user traffic is served from.
So if you hit google.com or any other sites which are available to you,
this is the environment that you'll hit.
But this is not the environment where you do all your development.
Can you imagine doing the development
in the production environment which is the final environment?
So that the actual traffic gets impacted,
if it's not thoroughly tested there is no guarantee
that the users will be affected by this.
So there is an alternate environment that developers
use in order to test the application or the code.
This is not only used by developers but it's also used by testers,
the product team, the business team.
Usually you're given a requirement against which you run tests in this environment.
Your server LB or low balancer could look like
test.udacity.com and the accounts
associated with this environment would usually be test accounts.
A non prod environment,
let's call it non-production environment.
A non-production environment could be a high availability environment.
It could be a dev environment or the development environment,
it could be a quality assurance environment.
There are some companies that call it stage as well.
So these are the terms that you should be familiar with when you are interviewing for
a position where they may ask about the environment information if you have any.
So yes.
So in terms of sequence usually the code is deployed in the dev environment,
then it moves to a test environment.
It could be HA high availability,
QA quality assurance or stage environment where regressions are run,
we'll come to that later on.
Then if the code is seen to meet
all the requirements it's moved to the production environment which is here.
Sometimes you could also move it into a prod like environment
or a production like environment and then move it to the production environment.
So it's a free form,
you may have different environments depending on
the amount of tests that your company decides to run.